I wasn't asked to update. I LOVED the old version. This isn't user friendly at all. How many hands do you think people have? The controls are awful - a complicated mess. Also where's my review that I posted a few minutes ago?? Removed because you don't like the truth? You ruined a great game that I enjoyed. It was relaxing and fun now it's a complicated stressful mess. I have it on several platforms and it's now unplayable. Good job - NOT.
extremely bad information i paid 5.99 and they didn't state you need a pc to activate and run the app because i don't have a pc and i cannot access one where is my money
Your software is full of *** I recently read an article about Kaspersky discovering a trojan virus pushed by CamScanner Developper. I have the license installed but this license is not an app by iteself. The main app has to be be installed. And chances that you have a virus sitting in your phone. Uninstall CamScanner Immediately. Google search and you will know what Im talking about. I just scanned mine through kaspesky and found the virus, although I had another antivirus installed!!
quiet good actually i don't know what these guys talking about. i used this app with no problem.only hate that the fact you have to keep the usb debug on everytime you want to use the app.if you turn it off it will automatically unactivated the app which is annoying and after the activation you must restart the app.cause when i use the controller while already activated the app.the controller just wont work,but after restart it should be fine after all not bad but not that good 4 stars from me
stop leaving bad reviews this 100% works. You just have to know what your doing. Read the instructions and follow step by step
A little difficult getting activation, but it does work. I purchased it to play PUBG and it works as well. Just wish you would enhance the movements. like being able to run aim and shoot to the sides at the same time. seems like theres no way to do that. Every time you want to shoot an enemy that's on the side you have to stop aim and shoot. Please fix, or let me know what I'm doing wrong. Thank you
I cant log into my Instagram on my phone after logging out and into someone else's. I dont know what's wrong but I have pictures that I can't get back. Please fix!
My GTA San Andreas game keeps crashing 10 seconds after I start to play , this has never happened before until now and I know for a fact that I have a strong internet and a good phone , I don't know what the problem is . I restarted my phone and deleted my game cache and it still crashed , can you please help !!
Bought the app but not it infected by torjan. What to do now !?
I have paid for the license but the app is not installed TELL me what to do further. Such poor service is not acceptable. You cheat the people Pl refund the money paid There is no response from your end for more than four days. Poor service
failed to activate on my poco f1 it says phone not found what to do dev???
Not fun tells me what to do
I bought it on my tablet and it super lagging i uninstalled , then reinstalled with a better connection but it still happening umm idk what to do
The game keeps crashing, it won't let me generate worlds, keeps deleting my old ones, and when I try to go to another's world it won't pop up. It even glitches sometimes after force stopping the app because of so much problems. I rated this a 5, two years ago. Clearly it has gone downfall from that. Please help me, I have no idea what to do. I really want to fix this because I know how well and enjoyable this app is. I love this app. It sucks if it doesn't work forever. Thank you!!!
What is this. Today I purchased full version but there is no camscanner app in play store to download. Please respond.
I am not able to open Cam scanner ( Licence ) app although I have paid Rs. 130/-... What is this? I tried several times!!! It is so inexpiable experience to me!!!! Pls do the needfull... Download is not happening ! Only retry is coming ! Although internet conn connection is available ! Plz.... I hv paid the amount !!!
The app is asking me the following literally (allow panda to access camera to take photos or videos)!!!!!!!! What is this for real are you kidding me?! Why would you want to take photos or videos?!?!?!
I am working best in this app but not given by 💰.so i want work my best and received money.your app best but not pay the money.what is this your problem in app.
Something going on, ever since this new update happened; when I click on someone's profile it just goes white, and then when I try to press back it just goes white and it makes me exit the app and I I can't see anyone's profile unless it's on my feed.
The new 1.3 update is great but ive had some problems the game crashes every hour or so not so much that its unplayable but kinda annoying and some of the controls should be in the corner instead of next to the joysticks im just walking around to get some more herbs to make some more potions for that really importantant boss and whoops my finger slips and there go all my potions or when im in a cave find some enemie and i accidently disable aim and use and go 5 seconds of not being able to attack
The main app doesn't even exist. I paid for this version and after installing, it asks to download the main app before use. I click on the link that they give me, and play store says, "app not found." What happened? I used this app in the past and loved it, but now I just paid for nothing.
I lost my save data. What happened? Everytime I clos the apps and then open it again, it always start from the beginning.
7$ plus allot of time and effort to setup I gave up after 20 min and got my refund.
Like others, bought full licence years ago and it worked great. Now it asks for more money, no thanks. Plus talk of installing virus on your phone, yikes. Time to uninstall.
Charging me extra for the very features I already paid for?? No thanks.
NINETY FIVE dollars for qr scanner. no thanks.
how can a simple qr reader app be full of ads to be used otherwise requiring an annual plan playment to be used? No thanks
You watch ads 15 to 30 seconds after EACH game. A game takes 10 seconds to complete. You spend more time watching ads then playing the game .. no thanks..App deleted.
Not sure how to best use this myself. This doesn't help as it isn't creating a link and it doesn't allow copy!? 🤔
I tried login my premium account via phone number but everytime i try login it creates new account now how can i login to my old premium account, help me recover it please its important i have 1 year premium subscription
I have purchased happn premium subscription. Recently I changed my mobile and when I try to login using my credentials, premium subscription is not getting activated. Please help to restore my account to use premium subscription
I am trying to make a new account but it is saying that I can't because my email address has been used but this is my 1st account and then when I try use my email adress for the log in but need help part it says no account found what do I do?
really bummed I paid for it and am not able to access game all it says is to reach out to their Twitter account:/ if u could help me get this fixed
One of my favorite games of all time from the Play/App Store. It's hard at first but the touch & controls are great and after a few runs it gets fun & addicting. PLEASE UPDATE WITH MORE LEVELS AND GEAR UPGRADES!!! Dying to play more. Update: I purchased everything on this game and beat all the levels but somehow all of my progress is lost and I have to start from scratch! PLEASE HELP ME DEVELOPER! WHAT HAPPENED?
When I am on burglary mission, I cannot find the houses with yellow marker to be broken into. Please help fix it. Manual aim also seems to be inaccurate, unlike the pc version. please fix this too.
i had uninstalled it due to exams but when i downloaded it again the game wouldn't let me sign into the social club where my entire game is saved. it is my earnest request to the makers to help me.
The update has finally come, but the controls are too complicated and things like 'the spirits of light and dark have been released' are delayed. Edit: there is a glitch where the lunatic cultist doesn't spawn when you use a teleporter to teleport one of the other lunatic things and kill them. I accidentally saved my most important world like that and now it's screwed. Please help me.
